
## Version 1.0.0 (Second submission attempt)

Previous attemt I recieved an automatic response beacuse of 2 NOTEs regarding "bad URLs". 

I fixed the first one typo (the final underscore). The second one works for me and it´s generated by badger r-pkg (for tags in the Github repo). Hope this works. 


Found the following (possibly) invalid URLs:
    URL: https://github.com/PoliticaArgentina/geoAr_
      From: README.md
      Status: 404
      Message: Not Found
    URL: https://politicaargentina.r-universe.dev/ui#package:geoAr (moved to http://politicaargentina.r-universe.dev/ui/#package:geoAr)
      From: README.md
      Status: 301
      Message: Moved Permanently
    For content that is 'Moved Permanently', please change http to https,
    add trailing slashes, or replace the old by the new URL.


Thanks


## Version 1.0.0

The package was archived and I did not see any notification. From what I see in the CRAN index (where it is stated that it was archived in December) I understand that this is due to a compilation error in the vignettes. 

https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/geoAr/index.html

In version 1.0.0 this should be solved, as well as the PKGNAME tag issue. 

Passing both R CMD check and win_devel: 


── R CMD check results ───────────────────────────────────────────────── geoAr 1.0.0 ────
Duration: 41.1s

0 errors ✔ | 0 warnings ✔ | 0 notes ✔


winbuilder: Package geoAr_1.0.0.tar.gz has been checked and built



## Version: 0.0.1.4.2

Fixed link in geoAr.Rd. Github repo now returning a valid acces to README file

Add return values to exported functions

## Version: 0.0.1.4.1

Fixed link in geoAr.Rd. Github repo now returning a valid acces to README file


## R CMD check results

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

* This is a new release.
